docs(self-managed): add section for helm manifests manipulation (#6604)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.5/self-managed/setup/guides/add-extra-manifests.md

---
id: add-extra-manifests
sidebar_label: Custom manifests
title: Helm chart custom Kubernetes manifests injection

> description: "Learn how to add extra manifests to Helm deployments by injecting manifests in the values.yaml."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to add extra Kubernetes manifests to Helm deployments by defining them in the values.yaml file."
```
